Update installation.markdown (#11986)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/hassio/installation.markdown

     - [Raspberry Pi Zero-W][pi0-w]
     - [Raspberry Pi 2][pi2]

2. Install Home Assistant:

   - Flash the downloaded image to an SD card using [balenaEtcher][balenaEtcher]. If using a Pi, we recommend at least a 32 GB SD card to avoid running out of space. On Virtual machine platforms, provide at least 32 GB of disk space for the VM.
   - Load the appliance image into your virtual machine software. Choose 64-bit Linux and UEFI boot.

3. Optional - set up the WiFi or static IP. There are two possible places for that:
   - on a blank USB stick with a FAT32 partition having partition label `CONFIG`, while in its root directory, create the `network/my-network` file, or
   - on the Home Assistant SD card's first, bootable partition (labeled `hassio-boot`, might not be auto mounted in Linux) create the `CONFIG/network/my-network` file.

>    For the content of this file, follow the [HassOS howto][hassos-network].

Reviewer: HassOS became the Home Assistant Operating System

Author: I think I did what you suggested? I haven’t done this before, so I’m learning through this first attempt. Thanks for your patience

3. Check your configuration using the [Check Home Assistant configuration](/addons/check_config/) add-on.
4. If the check passes, you can safely update. If not, update your configuration accordingly.
5. Select _Dashboard_ from the _Supervisor_ menu, and then select _Update_.

## Run a specific version on Home Assistant

SSH to your Home Assistant system, or connect to the console, and run:

```bash
hassio ha update --version=0.XX.X
```

## Run the beta version on Home Assistant

If you would like to test next release before anyone else, you can install the beta version released every three weeks:

1. Backup your installation, using the snapshot functionality Home Assistant offers.
2. Check the [Home Assistant RC release notes](https://rc.home-assistant.io/latest-release-notes/) for breaking changes. Be sure to check all release notes between the version you are running and the one you are upgrading to. Use the search function in your browser (`CTRL + f`) and search for **Breaking Changes**.

> 3. Select _System_ tab from the _Home Assistant_ menu, then select _Join Beta Channel_ under _Home Assistant supervisor_, then select _Reload_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select _System_ tab from the _Supervisor_ menu, then select _Join Beta Channel_ under _Supervisor_, then select _Reload_.
```

> 4. Select _Dashboard_ tab from the _Home Assistant_ menu, and then select _Update_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select _Dashboard_ tab from the _Supervisor_ menu, and then select _Update_.
```
